Add Front-end security guidelines (#4)
avenga/coding-guidelines: general/front-end-security-guidelines.md

### Using untrusted data in the DOM (DomXSS)
Any time you need to insert some data directly to the DOM, make sure to do it in the right way. 
If you’re using data from the server (especially 3rd-party), it should not be received as an HTML ready to be inserted to the DOM straight away. The preferred way is to send the data in JSON format, parse and validate it on the client side and then use the data as required.
If you have to put some data provided by the user in the DOM, make sure it’s properly validated and sanitised (doesn’t contain any HTML, styles or scripts in it) before using it. Some modern frameworks will do that for you but not all of them, so keep that in mind. 
Every time you have to use dangerouslySetInnerHTML in your frontend framework, dynamically place user input into a.href, style or other HTML attributes that support “javascript:” option, think twice and try to avoid doing that.

> 

Reviewer: use createTextNode if possible

### Avoid eval()

> Not only is code using eval() is highly prone to error, but it’s also a dangerous security vulnerability. There’s very little chance you really need to use eval() to make your code work as desired, so, please, avoid it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only is code using eval() is highly prone to error and a serious performance hit, but it’s also a dangerous security vulnerability. There’s very little chance you really need to use eval() to make your code work as desired, so, please, avoid it.
```

### Broken authentication

> There’s a number of things could go wrong with your authentication flow. Let’s go through the most common scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s a number of things that could go wrong with your authentication flow. Let’s go through the most common scenarios.
```

#### Putting Session ID in the URL (ex: http://example.com/&sessionid=3FAN8DKFNVMDPOSLAFK7R)

> Doing so you're exposing the session identifier, furthermore, if the user shares the link with somebody the’ll use his session. Luckily this is a pretty old technique and almost nobody does it nowadays, but you have to be aware of it just in case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exposes the session identifier, furthermore, if the user shares the link with somebody they’ll use his session. Luckily this is a pretty old technique and almost nobody does it nowadays, but you have to be aware of it just in case.
```

> Also, it's recommended to avoid sending any sensitive data in GET-Parameters because they will create a log entry within the server like `XXX - - [09/Apr/2020:14:11:04 +0200] "GET /login.php?username=test&password=secret HTTP/1.1" 200 55875 "https://example.com/login.php?username=test&password=secred" "Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:62.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/62.0"`

Reviewer: not putting sensitive data in the url should be a separate point
it's not only logging them (very bad) it's also saved in the browser history

Author: Added it in as another reason.

#### Not having a session time out (session id / token expiration)

> Not having a session time out means that if the user doesn’t intentionally choose to log out, his session maybe used by other people from the same browser in any moment of time. Also, if attacker managed to get user’s session id or token, he’ll be able to use it indefinitely.

Reviewer 2: Not having a session time out or very long expiration time

### Sensitive data on the client
Never store any sensitive data (login credentials, user’s personal info, etc) on the client side unless it’s really necessary. If you do need it, make sure it’s well protected, deleted as soon as possible and is only received and stored in the amount limited by the requirements without any excessive/unneeded fields and attributes.

### Sensitive data in the repository

> No sensitive data, such as hardcoded login credentials, tokens, secrets, private URLs, etc, should make its way into the VCS repository. If there’s no other way except for using hardcoded sensitive data, make sure it’s stored in a separate file which is listed in the .gitignore or an equivalent file.

Reviewer: or encrypt with git-crypt for example

### No hidden inputs with valuable data

> Don’t use any "hidden input” approaches for valuable data, cuz they can be easily exploited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use any "hidden input” approaches for valuable data, because they can be easily exploited
```

### Update dependencies

> Make sure your dependencies are up to date and has all known vulnerabilities patched. If you’re using npm, pay attention to its audit output and take actions required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your dependencies are up to date and no known vulnerabilities exist. If you’re using npm, pay attention to its audit output and take actions required.
```
or at least `have` instead of `has`
